I'm going to share with you seven secret
codes for Claude to 10x your
productivity. I teach AI to millions of
people for free every month. I hit 30
million views last month and I've tested
thousands of Claude prompts to find the
ones most people have no idea exist. And
these work whether you're new to Claude
or you've been using it for a year. So
if you're thinking I already know how to
prompt, trust me, the last code will
change how you use Claude forever. I'll
even walk through the codes live and
give you a free swipe file with all
seven codes and when to use each one.
And don't sleep on this because 99% of
people type basic prompts into Claude
and the ones who know these codes get 10
times more productive in half the time.
That's why I'll give you everything in
this video so you can skip the trial and
error of testing all these random
things. So without further ado, here are
the seven secret codes for Claude. Hit
like, hit subscribe, hit the
notification bell so you don't miss my
next training. Very first secret code is
called ultra think. And you can type
this in Claude code work, you can type
this in Claude code. Actually going to
turn the keyword into a rainbow color.
So what happens when you type this is
regardless of your current model and
your current reasoning effort. Maybe
your default reasoning effort is low.
When you use this keyword in a prompt,
Claude knows that you want it to spend
the maximum amount of time thinking and
reasoning. So even if your default
setting like low reasoning effort, it's
going to be max effort for the prompt
you run ultra think on. So you can do
all of your other work in your default
mode.
it's medium, but let's say you run like
a big prompt where you want Claude to
plan something. Just type ultra think
here as the keyword and then Claude will
automatically switch the reasoning
effort to as high as possible. So it's
going to switch it just for that prompt.
So this is really nice because to save
tokens especially, especially if you're
on the $20 per month plan, you can do
all of your normal work in your default
setting low or medium. And then when you
need Claude to think really, really
hard, a complex task, technical task,
then you can turn on ultra think just
for this prompt. Secret code number two
is called  caveman. This is
actually an open source skill and what
it does is it will help cut a
significant percentage of output tokens
instantly. It's very easy to install it.
Just open Claude and be like, "Hey, I
want to install this open source skill
called caveman." And it will just do it
for you. And then to use it, you just do
caveman in your prompts. The
reason this is useful, especially if
you're not on the max plan, let's say
you're on like the $20 per month plan
and you want to be really conscious of
the number of tokens you have and usage
limits. This is really helpful for that
because it significantly cuts the
percentage of output tokens being used.
Secret code number three that most
people do not know exists is
insights. And all you have to do to run
it is literally type  insights in
Claude. And when you type this, Claude
will analyze all of your sessions in the
past 30 days and it's literally going to
analyze how effectively are you using
Claude? How are you being productive
using Claude? Kind of what's holding you
back? Anti-patterns, things that need
improvements. And it's even going to
suggest like things you should do. Like,
"Hey, here are some commands to try,
here are some prompts to run, here are
some features to check out." Based on
your actual usage patterns from the past
30 days. So instead of just getting like
a generic guide like, "Here is all the
things you could do with Claude." When
you run this command  insight,
Claude will analyze your actual usage
and generate a very detailed HTML report
where you can kind of browse through all
of these insights. And most importantly,
it's going to summarize like what is
working really well in your sessions,
what's kind of holding you back and that
could be improved, and specific
features, ideas to try out in order to
be more productive. And these ideas are
based on the tasks that you're actually
trying to do. So it's not just going to
give you like random, irrelevant ideas.
It's actually analyzing your real usage
to come up with all of these
recommendations. So I recommend running
this command maybe once a month just to
get reality check on how well are you
using Claude? Are you using it to best
of your ability? Where else could it add
leverage in your work? And number four
on the list is  loop. So
basically this allows you to schedule
recurring tasks with Claude code. And
you can schedule them for a max of three
days to repeat. Just keep in mind though
that these scheduled tasks just are
running on your computer. So your
computer actually needs to be turned on
for this to run. So an example of you
using this might be typing  loop.
So in five minutes intervals, you can
have it write something. This is the
command, the secret code  loop.
This is the interval, so it's going to
do it every five minutes. And then this
is what you want it to do. In this case,
we're going to call a skill
write to write a draft post. The
shortest interval is one minute, but
just keep in mind that the tasks will
expire in three days. The loop is
specific to your session. So like if you
close your session, then it won't run
anymore. Similarly, if your laptop is
off, then it also won't run. Now related
to  loop, and this is another
kind of experimental feature in Claude
right now, is  schedule. And the
biggest difference is that  loop,
this is running on your computer.
schedule is actually running
independently in the cloud. So it's not
accessing like your local file system,
your local computer. It's actually
cloning your project or repo and then
running tasks on a schedule. And similar
to  loop, you would just invoke
it by typing  schedule. Sample
use cases for schedule might be like a
daily stand-up, any kind of recurring
automation or scheduled recurring report
where you don't need local file access.
So I'll try to summarize some of the
differences here. So for example, for
the loop, the one minute minimum
interval. And then for schedule, it's
actually one hour minimum interval. For
the loop, your computer has to be on and
it's based on your session. Here, it's
running like independently in the cloud.
So it has nothing to do with your
computer being on or not. But the
downside of this is there's no local
file access. Whereas this one can access
all the files on your computer. And then
the other downside with the loop like I
mentioned before is it expires in three
days. Whereas schedules currently don't
have that limitation. However, there are
limitations on how many runs you can do
per day. So right now in the pro plan,
it's like five runs per day. On the next
tier plan, it's 15. And on the team
enterprise plan, it's 25.
Obviously, this may change, but just
keep in mind that there are caps for how
frequently you can run this per day.
Most people honestly don't know that
either of these skills exist as options.
So highly recommend playing around with
them and see which one fits your use
cases. Secret code number six is
actually one of my favorite and I swear
pretty much everybody will find it
universally useful. It's called
btw or by the way. So you know how when
you run Claude and it's doing its job,
it's like super complicated, it's
thinking and it's spinning and it's
saying all these things and you don't
want to interrupt it because it's in the
middle of a task. Well now you can run
this command, you can just type
by the way, answer this other question.
And Claude will basically continue doing
its main thing over here and also answer
[music]
your question, run your prompt without
interrupting the main task. So this is
really, really nice. So instead of
having to open a separate session,
btw will actually answer your
question without interrupting the main
thing that Claude is doing. This is
really nice especially if you have a lot
of context built up in the conversation
already. So instead of having to open a
new session which is lacking that
context, you can run  btw, ask
your question, or run your prompt
without interrupting the main task at
all. When people try this, they're like,
"Oh wow, this is awesome." Because now
you can kind of like parallelize, keep
an eye on the main task that Claude is
doing, but you can also ask like smaller
questions that it can quickly answer.
Okay, so just to recap, we have ultra
think, which basically tells Claude to
apply its maximum reasoning effort,
thinks super, super hard, turns into a
rainbow color. Have the open source
skill caveman, which helps reduce output
tokens significantly. So really awesome
if you're on a lower tier plan or
watching your usage limits. Have
insights, which I recommend running on a
monthly basis. Claude is going to
analyze how you use Claude and it's
basically going to give you a crazy
detailed report what you're doing well,
what you're not doing so well, and
specific ideas tailored to your actual
usage of how to be more productive. We
have loop to schedule like recurring
tasks limited to your computer, your
computer has to be on, they expire in
three days. Have  schedule, which
runs in the cloud, right? So that's is
great for recurring reports, recurring
stand-ups, recurring automations. And we
have  btw, so you can continue
using Claude in the same session even if
it's working on a long-running task. You
can type  btw and ask whatever
you want. And number seven is a command
that I frequently, very frequently use.
It's called  clear. So what
happens is when you run  clear,
this will clear the context that's in
your session, okay? So you know you have
a Claude session, have all this amazing
conversation back and forth. You run
clear here, it's going to delete
all of this previous context. So you
might be wondering, "Well, why would you
want to do that?" There are a couple
reasons actually. So a lot of research
has shown that AI becomes less accurate
if there's a ton of stuff already in
[music] the context. So I personally use
clear when I switch between
tasks, okay? Like let's say I'm writing
a YouTube script and now I'm done with
that. I'm going to switch over to
writing a TikTok script that has nothing
to do with the YouTube script. I'm going
to run  clear. It's going to
remove all of this previous context so
that AI does not decrease in quality.
This is what we're trying to avoid. It
also saves tokens. So, again, if you're
on a lower-tier plan where you have to
watch usage and token consumption
closely, I recommend running
clear in between tasks. That way, for
each new prompt, Claude does not have to
analyze all of this irrelevant context
from previous tasks. I highly recommend
trying every single secret code that
I've put here. I chose each one for a
reason. 99% of people still don't know
these exist. if you enjoyed this video,
hit like, hit and hit the notification
bell so you don't miss my next training.